hey guys so it's been a crazy day at the
office Fashion Week ISO is crazy because
we end up you know closing an issue of
Teen Vogue and also going to shows at
the same time so we just arrived at tibi
backstage and you know they're just
beginning to kind of set things up and
I'm going to interview hair makeup nail
I'm so excited and I'm also staying for
the show so it's kind of hanging out
let's walk around and we'll see what's
going on
what we're doing is jello time the girls
as they come in with a bit of polymyxin
tonight that gives me an old food then
I'm going through with a flat iron
middle par very sleek very straight
finishing with just a little bit of the
air control hairspray if you were
getting some extensions in but it's it's
a clean strong look as opposed to any
whimsy that we may have done at other
shows true so just clean and shot amy
has a good idea of her own girl she
knows her girl she knows how she wants
she spends a few months on the
collection that she wanted this to mimic
it and not be nothing grew through
nothing colliding just strong and clean
with Bobby Brown and it is a complete
madhouse in here
Kimberly take it to few quick seconds to
take us through the plus is all about
Madison
you are seeing a flawless mess in which
an s humidity is
we are doing a dusty rose
we're using a new product the retouching
powders they're amazing
and they create a flawless matte finish
the realities if you make it soon be
touch seriously people go through that
right now because should you want to try
it yeah
that's what's in that skin one-on-one
because right now in this humidity I
will put my skin expect
we want to start with an oil cream
moisturizer I don't go for any liquid
foundation at all close my eyes sure and
we are going to gently dust this powder
which doesn't even look like powder and
it is going to make you look like the
retouch you in a magazine
I'm so glad okay what shade is this this
is the peach shade shade I'm reading
that down in my brain right now and it's
toning down a little bit of the pink on
your chin around your nose and it is
taking away the shine but you still look
like skin
well I don't look like I've been running
around New York City
it's not super matte it doesn't look
flat
I know so today I feel like this my
cheese
yes and it can look all one-tonne so the
trick is is to flirt with a powder blush
thought is kept in the retouching
powders that dust
over your favorite powder blush
to cheat find the color throw on a
creamy matte lip color and your board
for the season
we are doing a wash of a pale blue it's
like that baby blue throwback color both
in a very cool new way
era no best American Delta
runway it's cool please for everybody
else to place without mascara and one
fact you're going to see the upstairs to
the light bright urban field on the bay
path you're going to see the action
everything have been a white eyeshadow
on the eyelashes
so it's breathing in
yeah
stage and also like for the house will
backside look crazy but this is the
first time we've shown
I'm really like the girls look amazing
and it's a lot about waste definition
and sculpture shapes
but really done in a very easy job
the key colors from the season
spring/summer free oh he missed a lot of
black and white but then it's mixing it
with really either saturated fat cells
are very saturated fat cells like pinks
and yellows
how would you describe your girl the TV
girl I think she's really cool
very relaxed
you know really
I can't wait
like biggest fans
as you can see everyone's straightening
into the show it's already packed in
there so I can't wait to sit down rest
my feet and watch the show finally I'm
just looking for things that can be
trained
into the pages of team vote so you know
we're looking for kind of sweeping
trends overarching trend so for instance
we might notice that the wedlock her
hair is really popular so when I see
something like that I think about how
can I bring
like crazy at the office and now you
just found a runway show for should be
so all done today I can't wait to go
home to take my music really really
idealist off and if you want to watch
more shots of backstage and also this
with my travels check out my YouTube Eva
Chen - one - bye guys